Partial Swift migration (#1856)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x06d-Testing-Data-Storage.md

- `NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomains, NSTemporaryDirectory`: used to manage file paths
- `NSFileManager`: lets you examine and change the contents of the file system. You can use `createFileAtPath` to create a file and write to it.

> The following example shows how to create a securely encrypted file using the `FileManager` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to create a `complete` encrypted file using the `FileManager` class. You can find more information in the Apple Developer Documentation ["Encrypting Your App’s Files"](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/protecting_the_user_s_privacy/encrypting_your_app_s_files "Encrypting Your App’s Files")
```

Swift:

```swift
FileManager.default.createFile(
    atPath: filePath,

>     contents: Data(base64Encoded: "secret text"),

Reviewer: let's please remove base64Encoded, this is otherwise misleading when we are talking earlier about a "secure" way of storing data and encrypting it.

While analyzing the source code, look for the fields or screens that take or display sensitive data. Use [UIImageView](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiimageview "UIImageView") to determine whether the application sanitizes the screen before being backgrounded.

The following is a sample remediation method that will set a default screenshot.

Swift:

```swift
private var backgroundImage: UIImageView?

func applicationDidEnterBackground(_ application: UIApplication) {
    let myBanner = UIImageView(image: #imageLiteral(resourceName: "overlayImage"))
    backgroundImage = myBanner
    window?.addSubview(myBanner)

> }

Reviewer: Did you test this code?

Author: I have run it, but It doesn't work as it should, it is missing the constraints and removing this view after getting to the foreground.
I believe it was added here as a general idea how implement such feature.
I can add complete implementation :)
